# Assignment 2: Real-time slide/document viewer

Use OpenCV and Python (or C++) to construct and demonstrate real-time detection and localization of a prominent rectangular shape in live video.

## Part I - Line detector

Detection and localization of a prominent straight edge in live video

1. Capture an image from a video camera.
2. Use an edge detector (such as Canny) to create an edge image.
3. Use RANSAC to fit a single straight line with the greatest support to the extracted edge pixels.
4. Display the line in the live image.
5. Adjust the parameters of the edge detector and the RANSAC algorithm for best results at video rate.

## Part II - Rectification

1. Attempt to detect the four lines defining the edges of the quadrangle formed by the image of a rectangular shape.
2. Compute the intersections of the lines defining the four corners of the quadrangle.
3. Using the four corner locations, create a perspective transformation that maps to the corners of a new image, and warp the image content to the new image. 
4. Display the rectified image.

For testing you can check:

* How well your straight line detector follows the edge of a sheet of paper moved across the field of view of the camera.

  It is very finicky as my camera has a long exposure, so the edge detection would fail due to motion blur.  

* How well it detects other straight lines in your environment.

  It did detect the lines on my t-shirt.

* The processing time for one video frame or image.

  The performance would tank every time I looped over the points. I could get back performance by converting for loops to matrix operations. 

### Notes:
* IMPORTANT: You can save computation time by representing the edge pixels by a list of (x,y) coordinates.
* You can find the 2nd best line by removing the inliers to the best line and re-running RANSAC. If you run out of luck finding all four edges in an image, try using the OpenCV Hough Transform implementation.
* If the Canny edge detector is unable to run at the input video frame rate on your computer, try reducing the size of the input image.

Demonstrate the running code on your computer.

