# Assignment 1: OpenCV setup and point operations

## Install OpenCV on your computer either from binaries or compile it from the github repository.

### Use OpenCV and Python (or C++) to construct and demonstrate real-time detection of a bright spot in the image.

1. Capture an image from the laptop video camera.
2. Display the image.  Repeat step 1. - 2. continuously in a loop to show a real-time video.
3. Measure the time spent capturing and processing each frame and display this in the image as frames per second (FPS).
4. Locate the brightest spot and mark the brightest spot in the image, making use of OpenCV functions.
5. Locate and mark the reddest spot in the image.  How would you define "reddest"?
6. Repeat 4. and 5. above, but now search for the brightest spot in the image by going through each pixel in the image in a double for-loop.
7. Run your code on live video streamed to a computer from a mobile phone (IP camera). 

### For testing, check and write down:

* The processing time for one video frame or image.
  
  1.8e-09 s

* How does the processing time change when you add the bright spot detection?

It is 300,000x slower

* Is the processing time identical when you do not display the image?

It is almost identical

* How does your for-loop implementation compare to the built-in function?

It is 2,000x slower

* Moving your hand in front of the camera, estimate the latency between image capture and display.

About 300 ms 

* Is the latency different when capturing from a mobile phone?

It is lower at around 100 ms

### Notes:
You may get better performance when you compile a Release rather than Debug version of the code (C++).
Demonstrate the running code on your computer (in person, on Zoom, or by submitting a video) and submit a link to a github repo containing the source file(s) and a text file with your observations.

*This is an individual assignment.  You are encouraged to solicit help from your colleagues, but not to copy code.*