# Assignment 3: Object detection and recognition using CNNs

## Part I - Object detection using a pre-trained model

1. Use the DNN module in OpenCV (in the core library as of v3.4.x) to load a pre-trained network.
2. Capture images from the camera, and forward-pass it through the network.
3. Display the detected object bounding box and class in the live image.
4. Measure the frame rate achieved.  Compare using networks accepting two different image sizes.
5. Test on a live video feed (or by playing video on your phone) and roughly estimate the precision and recall.

### Note:
* You will find a tutorial using covering most of the above steps here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGeF_3QOHGE
* The tutorial uses a Darknet implementation of Yolo v3.

## Part II - Training your own network in Google Colab

1. Using Keras and Tensorflow, train a small network to classify a few sets of images (e.g. cats and dogs).  If necessary, reduce the number of epochs to allow training to finish in a few minutes.
2. What are the training results?
3. Write the resulting network to a file.
4. See if you can load your network into OpenCV.
5. Classify images from the camera, and measure the achieved frame rate.
6. If the frame rate is different, what would be a likely explanation?

### Notes:
* A tutorial covering most of these steps is found here: https://bleedai.com/training-a-custom-image-classifier-with-tensorflow-converting-to-onnx-and-using-it-in-opencv-dnn-module/ (Links to an external site.)
* The tutorial specifies particular versions of OpenCV and Tensorflow.  You can start by seeing if it works in the current version.
* Chapter 3 in Generative Deep Learning by David Foster, also provides a very clear tutorial description of the training.
Demonstrate the running code on your computer or submit a video.

Submit a link to the code in github or upload using the submit button.